# Tonus-UCode

Hello, my friend! Every day, millions of private messages and emails are sent. Thankfully, there are plentyof ways to encrypt correspondence, so as to make it unavailable to third parties. Nowadays,top messaging apps often boast about their high-level encryption quality.However, have you ever thought how, in different times in human history, people used tokeep their communication private? With the goal of maintaining confidentiality, numerouscreative ciphers have been developed, dating back thousands of years. Whether by mail,radio, or other media, the idea was that if the message came into the wrong hands, itcouldn't be read without a particular key or strategy. This is a complex process thatrequires a huge amount of knowledge. For example, you can read theTelegram FAQ fortechnically inclined. There, you can find a lot of formulas and different protocols.In this challenge, you will become acquainted with cryptography. Cryptography is thescience of methods for ensuring confidentiality, the integrity of data, and authentication.After sending and before receiving, information is being changed and goes through manystages. The impossibility of reading information to outsiders, the impossibility ofsecretive changes in the information, and the authenticity of authorship are verified.Here, we challenge you to solve several problems, and at the same time figure out whichclassical ciphers and codes exist. Moreover, you have a great opportunity to learn how touse algorithms for performing encryption and decryption.Good luck, The Chosen One.
